English-language updates to Flow Security and Integrations (#1048)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/security/best-practices.asciidoc

--
--

> In Vaadin 21 and later, it is possible to use a built-in view-based access control mechanism to secure Flow navigation targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V21"]#It is possible to use a built-in view-based access control mechanism to secure Flow navigation targets#.
```
